As you're probably starting to see,
you can change the behavior of Spring Security by manipulating
the filter chains and the filters within them.
You achieve this by interacting with the WebSecurity,
HttpSecurity,
and the authorization manager builders via the WebSecurityConfigurationAdapter.
Now behind the scenes, by default,
Spring Security is doing a lot more than just
authenticating the users' credentials.
By default,
it's protecting your application from many of the common
security threats like cross‑site request,
forgery, cross‑site scripting, clickjacking, and much more. In the next module, you will learn how it achieves this and why it's important.